Add GA security tools to MCP server docs (#37077)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/mcp_server/tools.md

- Show me the queries and cases for the rule generating this signal.
- What thresholds and group-by fields does this detection rule use?

### `get_datadog_security_suppressions`
*Toolset: **security***\
*Permissions Required: `Security Monitoring Suppressions Read`*\
Retrieves security monitoring suppressions. Supports three modes: list all suppressions, get a single suppression by ID, or get suppressions affecting a specific detection rule. Suppressions prevent detection rules from generating signals for matching conditions.

- List all active suppressions.
- Show me suppressions for detection rule `abc-123-def`.
- Get the full details of suppression `sup-456-xyz`.

### `create_datadog_security_suppression`
*Toolset: **security***\
*Permissions Required: `Security Monitoring Suppressions Write`*\
Creates a new suppression rule that prevents a detection rule from generating signals for specific conditions. At least one of `suppression_query` or `data_exclusion_query` must be provided.

- Suppress signals from the brute force rule for IP `10.0.0.1`.
- Create a suppression for the anomaly detection rule that ignores the `staging` environment.

> - Suppress signals from rule `abc-123-def` where `@usr.email` matches our test accounts.

Reviewer: 🙌 for examples :)

### `update_datadog_security_suppression`
*Toolset: **security***\
*Permissions Required: `Security Monitoring Suppressions Write`*\

> Updates an existing suppression rule. Only provided fields are changed. Providing `version` enables optimistic concurrency control to prevent overwriting concurrent edits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Updates an existing suppression rule. Only changes provided fields. Providing `version` enables optimistic concurrency control to prevent overwriting concurrent edits.
```

[53]: /security/threats/security_signals/
[54]: /security/misconfigurations/findings/
[55]: /containers/monitoring/kubernetes_explorer/
[60]: /security/detection_rules/

> [61]: /security/cloud_siem/detect_and_monitor/suppressions/

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[61]: /security/suppressions/
```

Suppressions are not only for Cloud SIEM if I'm not mistaken.
